LICENSE
MANIFEST.in
README.md
pyproject.toml
setup.cfg
setup.py
src/thtools/__init__.py
src/thtools/__main__.py
src/thtools/core.c
src/thtools/core.pyx
src/thtools/crt.py
src/thtools/fasta.py
src/thtools/utils.py
src/thtools.egg-info/PKG-INFO
src/thtools.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
src/thtools.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
src/thtools.egg-info/not-zip-safe
src/thtools.egg-info/requires.txt
src/thtools.egg-info/top_level.txt
src/thtools/app/__init__.py
src/thtools/app/_app.py
src/thtools/app/web/favicon.png
src/thtools/app/web/favicon.svg
src/thtools/app/web/index.css
src/thtools/app/web/index.html
src/thtools/app/web/index.js
src/thtools/app/web/result.csv
src/thtools/app/web/assets/fonts/Montserrat/montserrat-v15-latin-100.woff
src/thtools/app/web/assets/fonts/Montserrat/montserrat-v15-latin-100.woff2
src/thtools/app/web/assets/fonts/Montserrat/montserrat-v15-latin-100italic.woff
src/thtools/app/web/assets/fonts/Montserrat/montserrat-v15-latin-100italic.woff2
src/thtools/app/web/assets/fonts/Montserrat/montserrat-v15-latin-200.woff
src/thtools/app/web/assets/fonts/Montserrat/montserrat-v15-latin-200.woff2
src/thtools/app/web/assets/fonts/Montserrat/montserrat-v15-latin-200italic.woff
src/thtools/app/web/assets/fonts/Montserrat/montserrat-v15-latin-200italic.woff2
src/thtools/app/web/assets/fonts/Montserrat/montserrat-v15-latin-300.woff
src/thtools/app/web/assets/fonts/Montserrat/montserrat-v15-latin-300.woff2
src/thtools/app/web/assets/fonts/Montserrat/montserrat-v15-latin-300italic.woff
src/thtools/app/web/assets/fonts/Montserrat/montserrat-v15-latin-300italic.woff2
src/thtools/app/web/assets/fonts/Montserrat/montserrat-v15-latin-500.woff
src/thtools/app/web/assets/fonts/Montserrat/montserrat-v15-latin-500.woff2
src/thtools/app/web/assets/fonts/Montserrat/montserrat-v15-latin-500italic.woff
src/thtools/app/web/assets/fonts/Montserrat/montserrat-v15-latin-500italic.woff2
src/thtools/app/web/assets/fonts/Montserrat/montserrat-v15-latin-600.woff
src/thtools/app/web/assets/fonts/Montserrat/montserrat-v15-latin-600.woff2
src/thtools/app/web/assets/fonts/Montserrat/montserrat-v15-latin-600italic.woff
src/thtools/app/web/assets/fonts/Montserrat/montserrat-v15-latin-600italic.woff2
src/thtools/app/web/assets/fonts/Montserrat/montserrat-v15-latin-700.woff
src/thtools/app/web/assets/fonts/Montserrat/montserrat-v15-latin-700.woff2
src/thtools/app/web/assets/fonts/Montserrat/montserrat-v15-latin-700italic.woff
src/thtools/app/web/assets/fonts/Montserrat/montserrat-v15-latin-700italic.woff2
src/thtools/app/web/assets/fonts/Montserrat/montserrat-v15-latin-800.woff
src/thtools/app/web/assets/fonts/Montserrat/montserrat-v15-latin-800.woff2
src/thtools/app/web/assets/fonts/Montserrat/montserrat-v15-latin-800italic.woff
src/thtools/app/web/assets/fonts/Montserrat/montserrat-v15-latin-800italic.woff2
src/thtools/app/web/assets/fonts/Montserrat/montserrat-v15-latin-900.woff
src/thtools/app/web/assets/fonts/Montserrat/montserrat-v15-latin-900.woff2
src/thtools/app/web/assets/fonts/Montserrat/montserrat-v15-latin-900italic.woff
src/thtools/app/web/assets/fonts/Montserrat/montserrat-v15-latin-900italic.woff2
src/thtools/app/web/assets/fonts/Montserrat/montserrat-v15-latin-italic.woff
src/thtools/app/web/assets/fonts/Montserrat/montserrat-v15-latin-italic.woff2
src/thtools/app/web/assets/fonts/Montserrat/montserrat-v15-latin-regular.woff
src/thtools/app/web/assets/fonts/Montserrat/montserrat-v15-latin-regular.woff2
src/thtools/app/web/styles/Montserrat.css
src/thtools/miRBase/Acacia auriculiformis.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Acacia mangium.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Acyrthosiphon pisum.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Aedes aegypti.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Aegilops tauschii.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Alligator mississippiensis.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Amborella trichopoda.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Amphimedon queenslandica.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Anas platyrhynchos.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Anolis carolinensis.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Anopheles gambiae.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Apis mellifera.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Aquilegia caerulea.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Arabidopsis lyrata.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Arabidopsis thaliana.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Arachis hypogaea.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Artibeus jamaicensis.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Ascaris suum.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Asparagus officinalis.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Astatotilapia burtoni.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Ateles geoffroyi.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Avicennia marina.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/BK polyomavirus.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Bactrocera dorsalis.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Bandicoot papillomatosis.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Biston betularia.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Bombyx mori.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Bos taurus.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Bovine foamy.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Bovine herpesvirus.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Bovine leukemia.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Brachypodium distachyon.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Branchiostoma belcheri.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Branchiostoma floridae.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Brassica napus.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Brassica oleracea.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Brassica rapa.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Brugia malayi.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Bruguiera cylindrica.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Bruguiera gymnorhiza.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Caenorhabditis brenneri.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Caenorhabditis briggsae.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Caenorhabditis elegans.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Caenorhabditis remanei.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Callithrix jacchus.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Camelina sativa.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Canis familiaris.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Capitella teleta.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Capra hircus.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Carica papaya.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Cavia porcellus.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Cerebratulus lacteus.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Chlamydomonas reinhardtii.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Chrysemys picta.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Ciona intestinalis.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Ciona savignyi.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Citrus clementina.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Citrus reticulata.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Citrus sinensis.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Citrus trifoliata.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Columba livia.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Cricetulus griseus.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Cucumis melo.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Cucumis sativus.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Culex quinquefasciatus.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Cunninghamia lanceolata.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Cynara cardunculus.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Cyprinus carpio.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Danio rerio.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Daphnia pulex.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Dasypus novemcinctus.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Daubentonia madagascariensis.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Dictyostelium discoideum.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Digitalis purpurea.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Dinoponera quadriceps.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Drosophila ananassae.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Drosophila erecta.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Drosophila grimshawi.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Drosophila melanogaster.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Drosophila mojavensis.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Drosophila persimilis.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Drosophila pseudoobscura.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Drosophila sechellia.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Drosophila simulans.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Drosophila virilis.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Drosophila willistoni.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Drosophila yakuba.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Duck enteritis.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Echinococcus granulosus.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Echinococcus multilocularis.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Ectocarpus siliculosus.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Elaeis guineensis.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Electrophorus electricus.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Epstein Barr.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Eptesicus fuscus.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Equus caballus.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Eugenia uniflora.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Fasciola hepatica.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Festuca arundinacea.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Fragaria vesca.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Fugu rubripes.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Gadus morhua.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Gallus gallus.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Glottidia pyramidata.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Glycine max.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Glycine soja.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Gorilla gorilla.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Gossypium arboreum.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Gossypium herbaceum.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Gossypium hirsutum.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Gossypium raimondii.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Gyrodactylus salaris.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Haemonchus contortus.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Haliotis rufescens.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Helianthus annuus.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Helianthus argophyllus.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Helianthus ciliaris.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Helianthus exilis.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Helianthus paradoxus.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Helianthus petiolaris.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Helianthus tuberosus.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Heliconius melpomene.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Heligmosomoides polygyrus.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Herpes B.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Herpes Simplex.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Herpesvirus of.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Herpesvirus saimiri.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Hevea brasiliensis.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Hippoglossus hippoglossus.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Homo sapiens.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Hordeum vulgare.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Human cytomegalovirus.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Human herpesvirus.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Human immunodeficiency.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Hydra magnipapillata.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Ictalurus punctatus.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Infectious laryngotracheitis.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Ixodes scapularis.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/JC polyomavirus.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Kaposi sarcoma-associated.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Lagothrix lagotricha.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Lemur catta.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Leucosolenia complicata.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Linum usitatissimum.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Locusta migratoria.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Lottia gigantea.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Lotus japonicus.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Lytechinus variegatus.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Macaca mulatta.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Macaca nemestrina.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Macropus eugenii.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Malus domestica.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Manduca sexta.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Manihot esculenta.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Mareks disease.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Marsupenaeus japonicus.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Medicago truncatula.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Melibe leonina.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Merkel cell.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Mesocestoides corti.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Metriaclima zebra.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Microcebus murinus.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Monodelphis domestica.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Mouse cytomegalovirus.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Mouse gammaherpesvirus.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Mus musculus.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Nasonia giraulti.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Nasonia longicornis.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Nasonia vitripennis.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Nematostella vectensis.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Neolamprologus brichardi.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Nicotiana tabacum.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Nomascus leucogenys.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Oikopleura dioica.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Ophiophagus hannah.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Oreochromis niloticus.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Ornithorhynchus anatinus.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Oryctolagus cuniculus.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Oryza sativa.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Oryzias latipes.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Otolemur garnettii.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Ovis aries.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Paeonia lactiflora.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Pan paniscus.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Pan troglodytes.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Panagrellus redivivus.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Panax ginseng.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Papio hamadryas.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Paralichthys olivaceus.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Parasteatoda tepidariorum.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Patiria miniata.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Petromyzon marinus.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Phaeodactylum tricornutum.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Phaseolus vulgaris.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Physcomitrella patens.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Phytophthora infestans.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Phytophthora ramorum.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Phytophthora sojae.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Picea abies.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Pinus densata.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Pinus taeda.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Plutella xylostella.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Polistes canadensis.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Pongo pygmaeus.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Populus euphratica.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Populus trichocarpa.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Pristionchus pacificus.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Prunus persica.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Pseudorabies virus.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Pteropus alecto.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Pundamilia nyererei.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Pygathrix bieti.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Python bivittatus.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Raccoon polyomavirus.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Rattus norvegicus.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Rehmannia glutinosa.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Rhesus lymphocryptovirus.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Rhesus monkey.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Rhipicephalus microplus.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Ricinus communis.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Saccharum officinarum.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Saccharum sp..fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Saccoglossus kowalevskii.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Saguinus labiatus.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Saimiri boliviensis.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Salicornia europaea.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Salmo salar.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Salvia miltiorrhiza.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Salvia sclarea.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Sarcophilus harrisii.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Schistosoma japonicum.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Schistosoma mansoni.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Schmidtea mediterranea.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Selaginella moellendorffii.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Simian foamy.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Simian virus.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Solanum lycopersicum.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Solanum tuberosum.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Sorghum bicolor.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Spodoptera frugiperda.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Strigamia maritima.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Strongylocentrotus purpuratus.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Strongyloides ratti.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Sus scrofa.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Sycon ciliatum.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Symbiodinium microadriaticum.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Symphalangus syndactylus.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Taeniopygia guttata.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Terebratulina retusa.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Tetranychus urticae.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Tetraodon nigroviridis.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Theobroma cacao.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Torque teno.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Tribolium castaneum.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Triops cancriformis.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Triticum aestivum.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Triticum turgidum.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Tupaia chinensis.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Vigna unguiculata.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Vitis vinifera.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Vriesea carinata.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Xenopus laevis.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Xenopus tropicalis.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Xenoturbella bocki.fa
src/thtools/miRBase/Zea mays.fa
test/test_general.py